recently, I received a phone call, uh, to return to one of my favorite
jobs in this organization. Um, I was at one point in my career. I was
an R D C. And I worked for RTC Great Lakes. I just received a phone
call to travel back to RTC because they're looking for senior chiefs
and amazing leaders and people who have done the job. Right now,
I consider that a big conflict because, um, at the time that I was
there, I was married. I had more help with family and, uh, things of
that nature. Now I'm single and, uh, moving back to RTC and being in
our d. C would, uh, conflict with a lot of things going on in my younger
son's life. Um, while I I understand the mission and understand
what I'm supposed to do in this organization, I have tow, think about
family. We have to think about family when your family is involved
in your moves. Um, two different locations. It's very important.
And it would be, uh, a big conflict if I was to move back to RTC and
being a single mother and having a child who is in his high school
years, um, playing football and in the band and different things like
that because I wouldn't be able to be a part of his, uh, his high
school years. So to me, that is a serious conflict, one of which that
I am not willing thio endure.